hi guys so today I'm going to do a very
autumn for makeup I'm going to recreate
one of the trends
this year autumn which is dark one lives
with very soft sort of neutral I i will
be using only one branding this tutorial
sleek makeup which is drugstore brand or
you can get it also online there they
are website and i think they ship
internationally so i don't think that
there is any problem so i'll start okay
so one of the trends of this autumn is
also of course flawless skin but more of
a matte finish or so velvety so it's not
any more about the coffee skin which was
so such a huge huge strength previous
years instead of that there is mad
scheme so to achieve that i'm going to
use this foundation by sleek makeup and
this is cream foundation and also a blot
powder which you can use to match the
format if I the foundation and this is
called based rocket moisturizing
foundation with SPF 15 and pressed
powder so I'm going to do it this one I
think I will have to again mix two
shades this is sent and this is show I
am getting somewhere in between so yeah
i'm using the buffing brush palette and
yes this one is definitely too dark it's
better
I'm a little bit also on my I awaits but
not too much
for my eyebrows I'm going to use this
bracket also by sleek makeup and this is
a cream product and this one is a quest
I should hope so i'm going to start with
a green one and this isn't color light
now going to the pressed eyeshadow
sermon publisher Center Cobra little
more calm now and just go all over it
it is part my brows are very huge
dramatic don't worry about that because
the lips will contract dead and i
decided to do my lipstick now because
lips will will be statement and i just
want to sort of finish everything around
the lip so let's start so I'm using this
lip pencil my sig make up in a
co-current and I'm going to run the lips
now i'm taking a lipstick by speak
makeup which is looking like this this
is in color sherry and i'm going to use
it with a brush
so just gently applying it
so as you can see the eyebrows are not
the most dominant part on my face right
now so I want to continue to my eyes I'm
going to use the palate this one is
caught on a trail and i'm going to start
with this gray tone grey is also huge
this fall I'm just going to bite to my
innate
now just a little bit warm warmth to my
eyes I just decided that I'm going to
this like a soft peachy tone this is
completely mad to my socket
also to the outer part of the eye on the
corner
and also underneath the eye
now i'm taking a black eyeshadow from
the same palette to angled brush and
until going to line my eye with it just
a little
so only like this now I'm going to add
mascara using clash out and I'll be
right back so for my concealer i'm going
to use concealer hide it and this is in
lightest color i'm going to little my
under my eyes
around the nose a little bit on my team
I'm going out of my face using the same
product as I was at the beginning but
the pressed powder here oh goody face
now we twist a little bit of blush and
I'm using this one oh this is blocked by
three basic makeup this is called sugar
or palette and the one I'm using is this
one it's demerara just very softly okay
so well as you can see this very
dramatic loop but you can totally adapt
it to your preferences their wishes so
if the lips is too dark for you you can
of course apply in a more soft way you
can change the lip to take a bit to the
color that you really feel good in or if
you want to you can have it also for
evening makeup because of the lips if
it's too much for me is definitely ok to
worry doing a daytime and I think I win
this look quite often this fall so I
hope this was the interesting for you
thank you very much for watching and I'm
looking forward to see you next time bye